The following programme
contains graphic images.
♪Clearly ♪
♪ There's a world outside my door
♪ I don't know it anymore
♪ I'm gonna stay here now
♪ Take a breath and say a prayer
♪ Find the strength in my despair
♪ It's not gonna take me down
♪ I can see clearly now
♪ The rain has gone
♪ I accept all the things
that I cannot change
♪ It's gonna be a bright,
♪ Bright sunshiny day ♪
You promised not to just turn up.
Well this is spur of the moment
because it’s important.
I now want it in writing
with a signature.
You're to give me good warning.
Whoa, Mister!
I need your sewing basket.
It's stranded in the kitchen
where your daughter left it.
I need the toilet anyway.
So use the downstairs.
It's for guests.
Oh you think I'm sewing your jeans?
No, but I don't own a kit,
and I don't have the knack
when it's not human tissue.
You're not even gonna
offer me a glass?
You don't drink white.
There's a red on the trolley.
That's the one my mum got
me for Christmas.
Yeh, Christmas before last
when it was for both of us, y'know?
Listen, Val...
I have not missed being called that.
Valerie.
I did come for a word, actually.
I've been meaning to say it for
quite a while now, call it,
Siamese intuition or whatever,
because we're peas in a pod, but
I've recently sensed that
you've started...
..seeing other people?
That is nothing
I need to discuss with you.
No, I know. I know.
But your attitude's changed,
your dress code's rejuvenated,
and you've gone back to
wearing contact lenses.
I just want you to know,
from the heart...
From the heart, you have my blessing.
I just want you to know
I'm cool with that.
Truly?
We're both grown-ups.
It became obvious you needed to
spread out a bit,
if only to find out how good
you had it in the first place.
''S only me!'
Are you two getting back together?
No!
I was being witty. This never
happened when you were a pair.
That's not wit, it's sarcasm.
Still funny.
If you can't tell the difference,
your educational costs
need a serious debate between me
and your mother.
I'm comprehensive.
So not!
I need to be at Rosalind's
in half hour.
I'm gonna get changed.
You still OK to take me?
No.
He can!
Actually, I need to get her
spare keys to the flat.
I left - I broke mine in the lock.
Looking for this?
Things must've got more interesting
than normal
if you got as far as here.
I'll be down literally in two.
You always look peckish to me.
Treat yourself to a can of worms.
Has the clutch gone again?
Your mum strikes me as edgy.
Is everything OK round there?
We're not doing this, Dad.
I'm not mum's keeper.
Asking questions?
Interrogating me about
her boyfriends.
How many is she seeing?
Plural is fair warning
that I'll wind you up every time you
try pushing me.
But you've seen this latest one,
have you?
Right, you're connected. Watch what
happens when I ring you...
Don't answer.
She'll be yakking for hours.
She just heard that. Hiya Maggy.
I'm in the car with him.
'Hi Flick.'
We're having a family
conversation.
No we're not, that's over.
'This is work. We've had a call
out. There's an industrial death
that needs looking at before
the body's removed.'
'Instead of 'yakking on',
I'll fill you in on the rest
when you get here.'
'Say hi to your mum for me, Flick.'
I will do. Bye.
Right, you can just drop me off
at the white gates here.
No. I'll watch you go in,
and see who lets you in.
What's Rosalind's dad do
for a living?
I don't think she's ever met him but
her mum's a stockbroker.
'Make your way
to the fire assembly point.'
'Please leave by the two exits.'
When I couldn't get hold of you,
I thought I'd have to do this
on my own.
Yonks back in the last century,
I was three weeks into my training
with him when we had to
pick a farmer's wife out of the
blades of a combine harvester.
We were there two days.
Yeah well, I was.
Er, you were the mentor that
didn't need any of us Dot.
Sorry, I wasn't trying to
make you sound older...
Age has got nothing to do with it.
It's the past tense, mate!
Is everybody happy with me
covering photography?
Sod off. I'm senior,
as I've been amply reminded.
You're picking bits out.
I got 'em to double-cup so they
stand a chance of staying warm.
Thank you very much. Who are you?
Dominique Barnette.
We met at the interview last month.
Ah. Begging your pardon.
Context schism. Welcome on board.
Dominique's contract technically
starts at midnight, but,
I called her in for the experience.
They're ready for us in there.
- Who's running the investigation?
- DCI
Chambers.
Wolfe.
Betsy. What've we got?
This's a de-boning machine,
and he was Ted Woyzeck.
50 year old engineer.
He went in to do repairs and,
according to witnesses,
it reactivated itself.
Who was first on the scene?
A Daniel Colley.
A couple of mates ran to help,
but he saw the worst of it
and shut the machine down.
The lights shouldn't have
been affected.
A 50 year old engineer's
presumably pretty experienced.
So how come he didn't isolate the
main circuit before starting work?
Exactly.
We need to rule out foul play.
I'm not being insensitive but
shutting the plant down
is completely out of the question.
We can only just manage to meet
promises with this section closed.
With respect, 'meeting promises'
sounds a bit insensitive,
given what's behind that screens.
And what's not.
We supply three major supermarkets.
It'd just take one breached
delivery for a European company
to step in and obliterate 200 jobs.
So, an event like this could be
in someone else's interest?
Yeh, but steady on.
I don't think anybody'd go
to these lengths.
Again, with respect,
we'll presume to know nothing
until we've examined
facts and evidence.
Can you get your hands on the
machine's blueprint
before we begin extraction?
I'm sure we've got scans
of the original design.
This is impossible!
I can't tell what's human
and what's animal.
Well, this...
..is definitely a human kidney,
But that's,
that's a bulls eye.
Woah!
So, Daniel, who turned
the machine off?
Before Ted went to work,
he isolated the system.
You saw him do this?
Well, not personally,
but he wouldn't not.
Sorry Daniel, I just need to
get inside your mouth.
Can I ask what this is for?
It's a formality, Daniel.
We need to separate people's contact
with the power sockets.
Even ours.
When did you first know
something was wrong?
When we all did.
When he screamed.
How far away were you at the time?
Twenty, thirty yards.
Am I allowed to interrupt?
I'm all done here.
Danny, I'm so sorry you
had to be the one...
Oh good God.
Excuse me?!
I got a phone call,
saying my husband's been involved
in an accident.
Who's in charge?
Steve, this lady's husband's been
involved in an accident.
Ted Woyzeck. Do you know where he is?
If you just go up there,
someone will see to you.
Careful. We don't want
to lose the stomach contents
if we can avoid it.
Don't move anything yet.
The snake's hit obstacles.
Just two secs!
Okay, I've got good shots
of the chest cavity.
What's left of it.
And you're clear of the stomach,
there.
You can start the extraction!
Betsy!
Daniel Colley said in his statement
- twice-
that he was closest
to the machine when it happened.
But look.
Daniel, we're slightly concerned
that you lied in your initial
statement.
No, I didn't.
You claimed you were the closest
operative to the machine,
and the stop button.
But here, on camera two,
we see you sending this kid
in the opposite direction.
What's being said here?
Him screaming... I mean,
"I can't help!"
"Well, go and
get someone who can!"
He was in total shock at the sound
coming from the machine.
Vomiting as he ran.
I let him go, but he came back
anyway, with help,
and joined in.
Are you
right-handed or left, Ben?
Tell us what's happening here,
what's being said?
I can't.
I can remember one sound,
and that's it, I threw up,
that's it!
If Danny said anything,
I can't help you.
You've a conviction that wasn't
declared on your employment record,
which is, in itself, a violation.
I've never missed a single probation
appointment.
It's nearly spent.
Did you have any grievances
with Ted Woyzeck?
No.
We only saw him when
something went down.
He spent most of his time
inside the machines.
We never had a beer with
him or anything.
Could you go behind that screen
over there,
remove your outer clothing and take
anything from the pockets, please?
They were sexually assaulting
my girlfriend.
It was five-to-one.
I knocked one of 'em to the ground.
He got a brain bleed and died.
They were gonna rape
her in front of me.
We sent for some overalls for you.
He can wear these to go
collect his personal belongings
and then go home.
I want them dry cleaned
and returned within seven days.
And you're fired.
You were told at your interview,
Ben,
you can tell me anything
as long as it's not a lie.
That's instant dismissal.
Mrs Belby, I missed it off
cos it's nearly spent.
You ran in the opposite direction.
For everyone's information, the
body is now off the premises.
So can we start sterilising
the machine now?
No.
We're declaring it a crime scene.
What're you thinking?
You can't mention this to
that kid's probation team.
From what we heard on the shop floor,
he was honest with his workmates,
and they trusted him back.
That's all I'm saying, Betsy.
Oh thanks. I should be getting
you one after all that.
I never don't return a
favour, team strap-line.
You were very fluid tonight,
Dominique.
Instinctive choreography
gets noticed.
Cheers for that, but,
I'm not at my best when
I'm feeling watched.
I just want to say,
thanks, Professor,
for giving me the break.
No, no, no.
That was a panel decision.
But hats off to you for shining.
Thanks.
Authorised University staff only
allowed into the basement,
students get day passes,
for when they do demonstrations.
By the way, you're expected to do
two lectures a month.
Contract says one.
Yeah, the other will be
one we've missed
and the other will take the subs.
You don't need one of these.
I just don't like touching switches.
Where're we at?
We're still waiting for DNA
to come back,
but Dominique's ID'd most prints.
These are Ben Pulman's,
and these are Ted Woyzeck's.
I took his print using saline on the
severed right hand
because it's the only one intact.
This is my fault, but Daniel's
prints didn't scan properly,
we've got blank blotches.
I'll ask him to come in for
a digital scan.
He starts the machine
in the mornings.
Then Ted Woyzeck did the same
before entering the machine.
Before, as we see, he did
obviously hit the stop button.
Wow! Did you sleep here?
Didn't switch itself on, though,
did it?
Let's get a full cross-section
of CCTV footage to go at,
but especially in that sector.
OK I'm off to my lecture.
So we're not talking about
finger prints biometrically.
In your future professional career
cleaning up society,
if and when you qualify,
this level of evidence
is only the beginning.
The bio molecular base
of a fingerprint
contains untold information, if you
have the right spectrometry.
So, before the summer break,
we asked all 2nd year students
to submit fingerprint samples
from last thing at night.
You remember?
OK.
Of the 40 submitted,
a tenth didn't use soap
after urinating.
Eight showed traces of cocaethylene,
y'know, the booze and cocaine combo;
and literally one in four showed
psychological support medication.
Ohh!
Welcome to the club!
Ignorance is the bigger shame.
We were even able to determine
the condom you use
through PEG analysis,
Polyethylene Glycol.
Right?
But here's the best bit.
65 percent of all the condom samples
were found on female prints.
Ladies,
unless their assets outweigh
their excuses,
if they can't be bothered
to carry a condom,
do not give it up.
It would be cruel to point out
that you weren't supposed to put
your names on the samples.
But everyone did.
Relax.
The names get separated
before the analysis,
and the samples
have been incinerated.
OK, so what's the take-home t-shirt
for today?
Hygiene, OK?
Moderation and Tolerance.
Or Hands, Knees and Bumpsadaisies.
Okay, get out!
Leave!
Leave me alone.
Swap you a good chunk of pancreas
for the lower right lobe
of the liver.
Sorry we're late, Maxine,
but we come in pieces.
Blessing, if I'm honest.
I've had my mother on the phone
from literally the middle of
another roundabout.
You've all this to come with yours.
How's living alone?
It took me bloody ages,
but I'm loving it now.
Nothing but guard dogs.
Fierce protection
and they love me to death.
That's all I ever wanted!
How do you know we're
living separately?
How do you know this much about
everybody? From in here?
I think I ran into your wife on a
court day, looking,
if I dare say, unburdened.
Shall we get on?
I couldn't run the full post-mortem
because we didn't have all organs,
but we did run the tox screens.
He hadn't used so much as an
Aspirin in three months.
No booze, no drugs, no
medication, no meds prescribed.
None of that excludes suicide,
so you've always got to keep an
open mind.
On y va!
As Maggy says, suicide can't be
ruled out, but as it stands,
we've got two suspects based only on
their proximity to the death.
And that's Daniel Colley,
Ben Pulman.
I just went to the lab and realised
it's the post-mortem. I'll join you.
Sorry, half the organs,
half the time.
No offence, Ted.
Records have pulled-up
a previous death
with a version of the
same machine at a different factory.
The same company?
No, but the same machine design.
In that incident,
a guy called Vincent Frayn
got sent down for 7 years
for murdering a colleague
by pushing him into
moving parts after a grievance.
Shepherd's Meats and Packing?
That's the circle of life
right there in a tin!
Okay folks, Betsy's thrown
another option into the mix.
The machine's now also a suspect.
Dot you need to get to
Shepherd's Meats and Packing.
We need photography of the
innards of the sister machine.
Sorry, is that gonna happen
without a warrant, or
Not without charm, which
is why I've asked you.
Just blag your way in.
I shall be needing Dominique.
Dominique, I need you to
look official.
That's never happened before.
Get a full field DNA
screening kit together.
Betsy, get two fast-tracked
visitors' orders to wherever
Vincent Frayn's being held.
I'll request DNA.
Am I coming with?
Not without me, you're not.
Make it three then.
Meet me in the car park in half
an hour. I'm driving.
And I'm left doing, what?
The rest of it?
Have you cracked
Ted Woyzeck's phone?
No, it's triple encrypted.
There's your answer.
I um,
I came to see if you're alright,
Wolfe.
I'm tickety-boo, thanks for asking.
By the way, what does...
that mean?
Come on, why is your desk this tidy?
And your recent behaviour,
coming round to mine,
it's not not erratic?
Please don't be defensive.
I tidy up my desk and ask you a few
questions about your social life,
and you're still calling 'em
'manic phases.'
It's the way you asked.
And, yes, it's the way
you've tidied.
These are all relapse signatures,
and I'm only bringing your
attention to them now-
It is not compulsive behaviour.
Clear your clutter,
clear your mind.
It's Chapter Five.
I'm following orders.
Who knows by Chapter Ten,
the walls might have to go-
It was explicitly my sex life,
not my social life that you were
interrogating,
which is way off, and you know it.
It'll only take ten minutes.
I haven't got ten minutes.
Shift changes in 15. Why can't
I put the cameras in then?
Because that's when the blades
get flushed and steamed.
If you're suggesting it's still a
potential crime scene,
I'm stopping nothing
without a warrant.
That at least gives me
two days' notice.
Not if the Health and Safety Exec
demands it.
Can I speak to your line manager?
I weren't being shitty not meeting
you in the Visitors' cave.
But I wasn't expecting anybody.
And I cherish the sunshine.
We only get three days a week
out here.
That's no problem.
Real farm to table, eh?
You've got everything.
All this gets sold to restaurants.
We get frozen.
I'm just sitting in, Vincent.
These gentlemen are from
Forensic Sciences
with some technical enquiries,
and we'd also like another DNA
sample with your permission.
Yeah. What's it about?
Any questions we have relate to your
memory of logistics of the day,
we are not police, we are not looking
to cross examine you, or
ask you to impart new information...
Unless you have it.
But other people could potentially
be in jeopardy
if we don't start getting straight
answers to simple questions soon.
That's an interesting bracelet.
Are they blisters?
No. If you don't seal your clothing,
the flies get over the gloves.
Botfly.
You have to suffocate 'em
with blister plasters.
The main reason they keep me here?
The jury was told that I had a
grievance with my mate
over two and a half grand!
That's a lot of wages.
He's owed me a lot more before,
and always paid eventually.
You were also convicted on the basis
of a palm print on the start button?
One on the start, two on the Off.
That's because I tried to
reboot the blade motors.
On and off in a split second.
He was dead by then anyway.
Half his head had gone!
I've a three year old
grandchild I've never held.
That's 'cos I won't plead guilty
for something I haven't done.
Okay, well, our questions are all
about the machine, Vincent.
Which can only be in your interest,
fair do's?
This's how I accessed the last one,
it's meant to be identical,
but it won't go through.
Can you see the torch?
Yeah, now I can.
Okay. I'll hold the line.
You can get in through here.
Can you not stand there?
Oh, relax. I'm gay.
But I can't speak for the other
twelve.
Fine, cover me.
Fuck off!
When we get back,
I need you going over the footage
against the blueprints.
Could you just...
What's that?
Rufus's phone number.
And a note.
Saying what?
"I'm not gay."
We were both bending over!
Why didn't I get a
fucking phone number?
Dot-dot-dot.
What?
How do you get 'Dot' from Marcy?
How'd you think? Dot-dot-dot.
I'm always the last to
be thought of among this rabble!
It never ends.
I bet you make sure you're not.
Louder and longer.
Oh, boss!
The DNA samples that
you asked me to run?
I got a name. D'you want it?
Uh, Jeff Joyce.
Two-three, zero-three, Seventy
Seven. Does that mean anything?
Maggy's got something to show us.
No- that- mm.
Maggy.
Boss. I cracked dead Ted's phone.
You wouldn't know it now, but,
he was a well-hung fella.
And most of his dick pics
went to... three guesses?
Uh, um prostitutes?
Ben Pulman?
Delores Belby.
Yeah! They were having a thing.
No way!
The later texts say she was more or
less shutting things down.
Another extenuator for suicide.
Good old Delores, banging the
engineer. Ding Dong Belby!
Delores and Darren Belby
were both off the premises
at the time of death.
Says who? They're each other's alibi.
And this would explain her
level of grief on the day.
Yes, I am still holding but my
patience won't...
Gone again.
Look, I really need to speak
with some privacy-
I just want a simple legal opinion
about the loss adjustment numbers.
This was sent from Ted's phone.
Could you confirm that you received
it?
Will his wife have to find out?
Is there any possibility
your husband did?
He wants to know if you
found out about Ted.
Then, be my guest, Darling.
You must tell him.
Look, it's not a recent thing.
Me and Darren have always had
an open marriage.
People come and go without damage
and we remain devoted.
Ted wasn't damage?
He seemed relieved to be out of it,
and I'm sure I wasn't his
only excursion.
Plus, he'd just sold a patent,
so all in all I think
he was skipping, to be honest.
Patent for what?
Another machine.
Ted designed the machines?
Most of them.
This is just for elimination.
What isn't?
She said she'd leave the file in the
back room.
Keys are on the string.
Seriously?
Round here?
That's it. Let's go.
Surprise! Happy Birthday!
(CHEERING0
Wow! Thank you, thank you!
This is just to say thank you to you
for leadership,
inspiration and guidance
and for the start of another year.
To the boss!
To the Boss!
"Appreciation is a wonderful thing,
It makes what is excellent in
others, belong to us as well."
Voltaire.
My thanks to all of you, especially
Dot for hosting us all...
again.
And there's nothing wrong with
'round here' by the way.
Right, let's drink like billy
goats and wreck the joint.
Oh, no need. Dot's started already.
Hey.
What?
Your mum's left you
drinking on your own?
Mmm. Serves you right!
I'm glad you live on your own,
'cos you'll be farting for freedom.
Mum wasn't invited,
but she sent a card.
Just a card?
How old are you?
Wow.
Look at that.
44 and a 17. That is bang on.
I specifically asked for a
two-finger, button-down
and they sent me everything but.
This was three times lucky.
Thank you.
Betsy, you've had calls.
They said your phone's off.
Because I'm off duty.
Oooh!
Are you sure you're not flogging a
dead horse there, darling?
We've never played Poker,
have we, Dot?
(OVER PHONE)'DCI Chambers?'
Yeah?
'Yeah, we've been trying
to get hold of you...'
Hold this.
It's a Bluetooth
electro-dermo stress monitor.
I hope it does muzak,
because this is boring.
Except when I say something like
"I'd have thought Val
would've been here".
Why don't I keep the transmitter
and you keep the graphics?
Actually, that's not a bad idea.
(LIGHT DRAMATIC MUSIC
(CHUCKLES
Fuck off, you spoon-fed penguin.
(INHALES AND EXHALES DEEPLY
Show me your colours,
show me your colours!
Hi, Daniel.
We're really sorry for
what you had to go through.
We've got a few blind spots on the
prints we took at work.
I'd like to scan it digitally, K?
Sure.
Take a seat while Dominique sets the
equipment up.
Is there anything you haven't
done, you fucking catalogue?!
Hang on!
What do you think 'Hang on' means?!
'Come in and read stuff
over your shoulder'?
I just needed to have a
quick word about...
Ha! I'm guessing you're going through
the rebirth experience
that all promotions bring?
Sorry?
If you're anything like me,
you have the permanent post that you
always wanted,
but you hadn't banked on standing in
a different pair of shoes.
It's like my mentor used to
say,
"It's like going to big school.
You have to swap attitude
for intelligence.
All growth spurts are painful."
Plus, seeing how good Dominique is,
the last one in,
that must be choking you.
Your mentor was from Dundee,
why's he got a German accent?
You know what I mean.
Yeah.
Only too well, which is more
than I can say for you.
My problem is that intelligence
keeps equalling attitude,
because I see how gormless
they are sometimes,
and I want to smack their faces.
Especially Dot's.
Why Dot's?
She doesn't like taking orders
from someone younger.
Then stop making them
sound like orders,
and try not deliberately sounding
this much younger.
Yes!
Boss, you need to come
and see this.
These look like histamine bumps, but
Daniel can't remember getting them.
Do they hurt or itch?
No. At first, I thought,
new rescue kitten. Fleas.
But my wife and son
are clean as whistles.
It's a Botfly infestation.
I've never heard of it.
Are you squeamish, Daniel?
Yeah!
It's better done than explained,
but these need to come out.
These, what?
Like stings?
Something like that.
You're a Botanist.
Yeah. I got a first from Cambridge.
How long did it take
to slide that in!
I shoulda set my clock.
I can feel that inside.
Yep.
And this is why.
Here we go!
Oh my God...
Where did that come...
Woah, woah woah.
Secure his airway and nab the
other buggers while he's out.
I need this DNA prepped
for Y-STR analysis.
Could you do that for us?
Well, actually,
I'm in the middle of something.
It's an important job so I'd really
respect your age on this.
Sorry, what's age got to do
with a database enquiry?
I just want you to know
there's no difference whatsoever
between yours... or mine.
This clutch here...
is why you couldn't get the
camera in the machine
at Shepherd's Meats and Packing,
but managed to at the Belby Factory.
Alright, OK, well that helps.
I was right.
You could've waited for
me to say that.
About what, exactly?
This is the guy serving
seven years for murder,
for shoving his mate
into a boning machine
at Shepherd's Meats and Packing
three years back.
Daniel Colley is
Vincent Frayn's son.
How the hell did you get to that
conclusion?
Botfly.
Because me and Steve went to
see Vincent Frayn
at Belmont Prison, 76 miles away-
Where they'd had an
outbreak of Botfly.
Frayn works in the prison gardens.
His wrists were covered in 'em.
The prison had an open day
in autumn,
and Daniel was on the
visitors' list.
No way!
We're glad something cheers you up!
We need to schedule a
briefing with Betsy's team.
We need guidance on how to proceed.
You alright there?
It's for Ted's family.
And that's
before the night shift dips in.
Sit down, Daniel.
Did you deliberately remove the
safety clutch on this machine
to prove a point about your
dad, Vincent Frayn?
If the machine Ted built killed
Ted, that's Ted's fault.
Show me a clutch on the blueprint.
Okay, bring the van round
to loading bay three.
For Daniel's sake,
we should do this discreetly.
Three days old! Three days old!
Daniel!
There's no escape, Daniel!
Daniel, they've got you anyway!
Bastards!
- It'll have to be this!
Fuck!
Oh fuck.
Nooooo!
Fuck're you blaming me for?!
No-one fucking move!
Don't need telling twice!
Come on, Daniel.
You've achieved what you set
out to do 3 years ago.
Your dad's release is imminent.
For 3 years I lost the man
I love the most.
I can see why.
Vincent's a smashing bloke.
Depending on what happens
at your trial,
he might have to
lose you for a while, Daniel,
but face facts, everything that
happened is everything you wanted.
Just one more favour and
then we're clear.
Young Ben Pulman did not
deserve to lose his job...
I'm sorry. 'Clear of what?'
Any guilt at what our private lives
involve?
And that needs 'favours'?
No, fuck off,
you've sadly misjudged us.
Any 'judgement' you might've
detected only comes from one thing.
The fact that one of you
suggested it first
and the other one's just tagging
along.
(POWERFUL MUSIC
To the team!
And... To the sales assistant of the
year, best ever newcomer,
Dominique!
Oh, hi, Val!
I thought you'd be out anyway,
I was just dropping something in.
Legal something. Just dropping it in.
Legal what?
Just stuff in case anything happens
to any of us in the meantime.
I should've said 'formal'
not 'legal'...
Which meantime?
Just so's you know,
everything goes to you.
You and Flick, if I die.
Die of what?
Who knows? Nits!
Uh.
I would just leave your half
directly to Flick.
Why are we even discussing this now?
Because I need you to know that you
are very, very special to me.
You're the least shareable
person I've ever met.
You will always be special to me,
Wolfe Kinteh,
till the day I die.
So, what are you doing with
somebody like 'JayJay,'
who's the diametrical opposite?
He has nothing to do with this!
That's what you call him!
He might smile more than I can,
but he looks like
he went for a colonic-
Wolfe...
and nothing came out.
..turn around now and keep walking.
What does your law firm think
about the fraud charges
around his neck?
Er... Fact-Check-Land!
All charges were dropped when the
CFO was found guilty on all counts.
Google Translate! Money mad scrubber
who throws his mate under a bus.
Again, why the total opposite of me
if I came even this close
the first time?
You didn't get this from Facebook.
What've you been up to, Wolfe?
If you've been spending public money
trying to sabotage my private life,
are you even aware of the criminal
consequences?
I can't wait to see this in print.
No, please, please, Val! I'm begging
you. Do not say divorce. Please!
I meant the fucking headlines,
you twisted creep.
Never set foot in this house without
written invitation,
or I'll lodge this conversation,
and your pension won't be worth shit
to Flick.
Lucky for her, mine's
all she'll need.
He came in bits, he left in pieces.
A, Don't tempt me,
and B, Since you've obviously
rehearsed that,
you shoulda predicted
how this would end.
Fuck. Off.
♪You Make Me Feel ♪
♪ You mean I've been dancin'
on the floor darlin'
♪ And I feel like I need some more
and I
♪ Feel your body close to mine and I
♪ Move on love it's about that
time... ♪
Wooo! Fuck yeah!
AccessibleCustomerService@sky.uk